Vincent Pietro Caboara
 
Menifee,
 
CA
 
805.215.6663

vcaboara@gmail.com
 
Work
 
Experience
 Configuration Build Engineer Sony Interactive Entertainment San Mateo, CA 8/2023 – 04/2025 ● Design, deploy and manage CI/CD systems (primarily Jenkins). ● Integrate source control systems (Git) and automated test frameworks. ● Configure build and test infrastructure on multiple platforms including Windows, Linux, PlayStation development 
hardware,
 
virtual
 
machines
 
and
 
containers.
 ● Diagnose problems in continuous delivery pipelines and setup real-time alerts. ● Streamline deployments for multiple projects across different software branches and sandbox environments. ● Collaborate with Engineers and QA to understand the development cycles and deliver innovative DevOps solutions 
based
 
on
 
the
 
team’s
 
needs.
 ● Focus:Python, Docker/Compose cross platform support Sr. Software/Automation Engineer CI/CD, Development Viasat Inc. SAT Apps Carlsbad, CA 4/2021 – 06/2023 Automate processes involved with creating and analyzing potential network changes, to optimize capacity usage, and eliminate errors introduced by manual tasks. CICD/DevOps ● Development pipelines that build, lint, test and deploy docker images for multiple code bases ● Airflow DAGs and tasks to generate artifacts and reports for evaluation Development ● Python: create scripts to automate data sources collection and transformation into Excel spreadsheets ● Airflow: via python, create DAGs to execute the tasks needed to generate potential network optimizations ● Docker: created makefile targets to allow for local development and test of Airflow Viasat Inc. SAT Apps Carlsbad, CA 3/2020 – 4/2021 Collaborate with the dynamic load balancer architect and development team to take the created algorithm and turn it into a 
service
 
for
 
generating
 
and
 
enforcing
 
movesets
 
on
 
a
 
beam
 
to
 
improve
 
capacity
 
and
 
customer
 
experience.
 Automation ● Used existing test framework to create an End-to-End test case for the system under test, using and verifying 
thousands
 
of
 
data
 
points
 
as
 
they
 
progress
 
through
 
the
 
system
 CICD/DevOps ● Development pipelines that build, lint, test and deploy docker images for the code being developed Development ● Python: algorithm and supporting services ● FastAPI: web services inside docker containers to utilize the services ● Redis: tracking progression of the load balancer through our services ● Celery: queue/schedule tasks to run the load balancer on regular intervals 
Sr.
 
Software/Automation
 
Engineer
 
CI/CD,
 
Development
 Viasat Inc. Commercial Mobility Carlsbad, CA 1/2017 – 3/2020 Collaborate with development, test, and CICD teams to improve the process, consistency, and quality of software within Commercial Mobility. CICD/DevOps ● Research and create processes for CICD, Development, and test team’s code in GitHub Enterprise ● Use Spock framework to test Jenkins groovy code development ● Jenkinsfiles for automated builds on every branch/commit, utilizing git hooks ● Dockerfiles for creating service image(s) to test, version, and deliver ● Docker Compose to configuring relationships between services and alleviate complex docker commands ● Makefiles to simplify build, version, test, and deliver commands Amazon Web Services ● Utilize troposphere python modules for automating AWS Cloudformation tasks ● Automating creation of AMIs, running cloud-config, ansible playbooks, for hosting Docker services ● RDS maintenance/backups via Jenkins ● Elastic Container Registry configuration and use with Fargate/EC2 Optimizations/Improvements ● Replace full software stack with docker/compose configurations to unify development and test ● Multi-stage/Dockerfiles designed to reduce re/build time and image size(s) ● Immediate feedback from code check-ins: test results, test coverage, code linting, etc. 
● Migrate code/configurations from Perforce to GHE ● Documentation of process changes for knowledge sharing Root Cause Analysis ● Jenkins (CPS groovy, build, test, deploy, etc.) ● Python Web (Front-End/API) ● Docker/Compose ● Cloud/Infrastructure/Sys Admin (*nix) 
Sr.
 
Software
 
Automation
 
Engineer
 
NTN
 
Buzztime
 
Inc.

Carlsbad,
 
CA

1/2015
 
–
 
1/2017
 Worked with Android application/systems engineers as well as platform/database developers to produce, maintain, and support regular product releases for internal and external customers. CICD/DevOps ● Jenkins 2.0 – Jenkinsfile based jobs, pipeline implementation for builds, test and deployment ● Docker/Docker Compose – Android SDK and Gradle build containers, REST/Redis/HAProxy container clusters, etc. ● Nexus 2/3 – Artifact repositories for APKs and Docker Private Registry ● Migration from CruiseControl to Jenkins for Visual Studio .NET projects, looking at migrating to Mono/Xamarin ● Converted C# build/deploy applications to Python scripts being run inside docker containers ● Ansible - for VM configuration/dependency management (Docker/Compose) and maintenance tasks Test Automation ● RobotFramework – SOAP API smoke and regression test automation replaced SoapUI testing of C# API ● Gatling.io – stress/load test tool for HTTPS/REST API’s Management ● Working with contractors in India enforcing best practices for Docker implementation ● Supervised, tasked, evaluated college intern 
Configuration
 
Engineer
 
Sony
 
Network
 
Entertainment
 
Intl.

Rancho
 
Bernardo,
 
CA

10/2013
 
–
 
1/2015
 Worked with Configuration Management and development teams to support software test orchestration and releases of the SNEI platform. Anthill Pro ● Java/Beanshell scripting – Implemented additional functionality in/for AHP, per Dev requests ● Perforce – Code checkout/branch comparison and updating ● Maven/JUnit – Build/run test modules; collect results for/via AHP reporting ● Python – Used where/when Java did not have desired libraries for accomplishing tasks 
Sr.
 
Software
 
Test
 
Automation
 Translattice Inc. Santa Clara, CA 09/2010 – 10/2013 Design and code homegrown CICD automation framework to run test suites against hundreds of Virtual Machines (VMs). Results reported with statistical analysis filtering dominant issue to the fore; accessible via a simple web interface. Framework was used by developers locally for new functionality and debugging. Automation Framework ● Object Oriented implementation using Python 2.7 ● Built Custom libraries using: ○ libvirt to create and control VMs on KVM and VMWare servers ○ psycopg2 to run Postgres queries in the framework ○ selenium to automate Web UI controls in the framework ○ pysnmp/matplotlib to collect memory and process info about the VMs to generate graphs of both Test Automation ● Used pywinauto to automate test scripts for Windows and AppleScript for Mac OS X ● Misc. tools to speed data collection and processing Development ● Product code cleanup in C, debugging failures, evaluating backtraces and testing code changes 
Senior
 
Engineer
 
in
 
Test
 
Western
 
Digital
 
Co.

Lake
 
Forest,
 
CA

06/2008
 
–
 
09/2010
 Lead test efforts for multiple products. Created a set of automation tools for testing software backup/restore GUI and functionality, to be run by lab technicians, with results and failures to be analyzed with developers. GUI Test Automation ● Python/IronPython - Used Pywinauto to automate non-.NET apps/GUI testing; IronPython for .NET/WPF apps ● Python WMI – Used to access Windows Management Instrumentation 
● Modularized versions of GUI automation for cli use to allow non-Python programmers to create test scripts Lead for Branded Test Efforts: WD SmartWare, MioNet 4.0, WD AnyWhere Backup, WD TV HD ● Used SW functional specs to identify & develop test cases/procedures, updated as needed, for Win & Mac ● Create test plans and checklists, assist techs with completing checklists, and create bug reports for issues ● Published weekly reports of test progress & worked with dev to resolve/debug issues; determine root cause ● Ran wireshark traces to verify functionality/encryption with existing and legacy products (MioNet) ● Identified and created codec/container combinations of content to test playback support on the WD TV HD Education 
California
 
Polytechnic
 
State
 
University
 
Bachelor
 
of
 
Science
 
in
 
Computer
 
Engineering
 
San
 
Luis
 
Obispo,
 
CA
